Terms and conditions

These Terms of Use constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether personally or on behalf of the entity and Daru Health (“Company”) concerning your access to and use of the application. 
Please read these terms and conditions ("terms and conditions", "terms") carefully before using the Daru Health mobile app operated by Daru Health ("us", 'we", "our"). 

Conditions of use
By using this application, you certify that you have read and reviewed this Agreement and that you agree to comply with its terms. If you do not want to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, you are advised to leave the application accordingly. Daru Health only grants use and access of this application, its products, and its services to those who have accepted its terms. 

Age restriction
 You must be at least 16 (sixteen) years of age before you can use this application. By using this app, you warrant that you are at least 18 years of age and you may legally adhere to this Agreement. Daru Health assumes no responsibility for liabilities related to age misrepresentation. 

Intellectual property
You agree that all materials, products, and services provided on this application are the property of Daru Health, its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, suppliers, or licensors including all copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, patents, and other intellectual property. You also agree that you will not reproduce or redistribute Daru Health’s intellectual property in any way, including electronic, digital, or new trademark registrations. You grant Daru Health a royalty-free and non-exclusive license to display, use, copy, transmit, and broadcast the content you upload and publish. For issues regarding intellectual property claims, you should contact the company in order to come to an agreement. 

User accounts 
As a user of this application, you may be asked to register with us and provide private information. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of this information, and you are responsible for maintaining the safety and security of your identifying information. You are also responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password. If you think there are any possible issues regarding the security of your account on the app, inform us immediately so we may address them accordingly. We reserve all rights to terminate accounts.

Applicable law 
By visiting this application, you agree that the laws of Negeria, without regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms and conditions, or any dispute of any sort that might come between Daru Health and you, or its business partners and associates. 



Disputes
Any dispute related in any way to your visit to this application or to products you purchase from us shall be arbitrated by state or federal court Negeria and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts. 

Indemnification 
You agree to indemnify Daru Health and its affiliates and hold Daru Health harmless against legal claims and demands that may arise from your use or misuse of our services. We reserve the right to select our own legal counsel. 
